Supertrainer: Man Of Steel Trainer Mark Twight
Mark Twight's grueling workouts for casts of movies like 300 are the stuff of legend. Here's how he conquered the challenge of building the stars of Man of Steel from the ground up.



EMAIL
MORE
SHARE
by Nick Collias Jun 25, 2013
As a young man, Mark Twight was convinced that his life would end at age 26. It was an arbitrary number, he admits today, but as a world-class mountain climber, he had plenty of time shivering in tents and clinging to exposed rockfaces to imagine doom lurking just over the horizon. Waiting at home for this death to find him wasn't Twight's style, though. Instead, he built his reputation by targeting routes which other climbers deemed impossible or suicidal, and he conquered them quickly with minimal equipment.


"I am willing to cut it all away in order to have my way, to live how I want, and for only as long as I want," he writes in his memoir Kiss or Kill: Confessions of a Serial Climber. "I made life or death decisions like I was choosing between brands of beer."

But then, something happened—or didn't happen. "Strangely, I survived 20 years after my predicted expiration date," Twight writes on the website for Gym Jones, a training center he and his wife founded after he retired from climbing in 2000. But make no mistake: The intensity that defined his climbing career came down from the hills with him.

After starting off training military units in high-altitude settings, Twight has carved out a niche helping professional fighters, football players, endurance athletes, and A-list actors achieve their full physical potential. He trained the Spartan fighters in director Zack Snyder's 300 and the forthcoming sequel 300: Rise of an Empire, as well as the stars of Snyder's new Superman reboot Man of Steel.

In exchange for extreme results, he is known for demanding total physical and psychological commitment from his clients—fitting, when his gym's name is a play on Jim Jones, the cult leader who convinced hundreds of his followers to commit suicide in 1978. Fresh off the release of Man of Steel, Twight spoke with Bodybuilding.com about the challenges of getting inside actors' minds and transforming stars like Henry Cavill and Russell Crowe.